Update readme.md (#1)
itswisdomagain/tinydecred: README.md

Each package may be installed from the [Python Package Index](https://pypi.org/)
using the [`pip`](https://pip.pypa.io/) command as usual.

## Requirements

> To run tinywallet on your machine you will need to setup the following. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run tinywallet on your machine, you will need to set up the following:
```

> Use `pip` to install as stated above:

Reviewer: Not sure this line is necessary, previous line says "set up the following:"

- pip install websocket_client
- pip install blake256
- pip install base58
- pip install PyNaCl
- pip install appdirs

> Setup and run dcrd. Set your rpcusername and rpcpassword from config file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up and run dcrd. Ensure your rpcusername and rpcpassword is set in your dcrd config file.
```

"Set your rpcusername and rpcpassword" sounds like that's all you need to set.

[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/decred/tinydecred)](https://github.com/decred/tinydecred/graphs/contributors)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/decred/tinydecred)](./LICENSE)

## Run 

> Execute script from the relevant root directory using: `python3 -m myfile.py` for python3.8.

Reviewer: Execute script. Which script?

> But if you are using python3.9, use this: `python myfile.py` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if you are using python3.9, use `python myfile.py` 
```
